Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(ominous music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(fire crackling)
(intense ethereal music)
(dramatic instrumental music)
(electricity crackling)
- [Vincent] I'm from a
different metropolis.
another city far away from here.
but I've been in Marfa a long time
and I refuse to accept
this town as the end.
as my end.
I need to leave here.
I need to leave Marfa.
And I know that my old friend
will struggle with that.
even fight me on it.
That's all right.
Leaving here isn't going
to be easy for any of us.
(tense piano music)
We have a habit of trusting in fate.
that things are out of our control.
Me? I don't think so.
I don't think that's the case.
I don't think it's over for me.
Not yet.
(wind rustling)
(easygoing music)
- Two. three. four. five. six. seven.
- [Vincent] Meet Matthew Bench.
Now this guy pretends his fortune teller
helps him lead the way
in everything.
Can't make a decision without it.
But the truth is.
I don't think even he believes it.
Then there's Erik Streett. the quiet one.
Uh-huh. never in a big hurry.
He goes with the flow.
but he's definitely unpredictable.
Eden Percell.
Obsessed with her cell phone.
I guess she's really curious.
Okay. who am I kidding?
She's an odd one for sure.
Allie Holliwell.
Yep.
She's a Looker for sure.
Full of one-liners too.
Funny.
Kind of. Sort of.
On her good days anyway.
- Great song. huh?
- Yeah. it's good the first 78 times.
- Oh. come on. man.
Don't be like that.
You can never get enough of a good song.
- Okay guys. this is my first
weekend out in a long time.
other than books. my brother. and BF's.
and I'm actually having fun.
What did you think about
our first tequila cook off?
- It's Terlingua cook off.
You quote hypotheses about
scientific law and theory
and a lot of crap people don't understand.
but you can't get Terlingua
out of your mouth?
- [Erik] Enough. Allie.
Just relax.
Knock it off. princess.
- Okay. so Matt. did you have fun
at that Terlingua cook off?
- There you go.
- I don't know.
Let's ask my fortune teller.
(eerie music)
Did I have a good time?
- I thought those things
just tell you yes. no. or maybe?
- Nope. Mine is special.
Boop. boop. boop. boop. boop.
Boop.
What does it say?
It says that
quite possibly the best
trip I've ever had.
And I agree.
(Eden laughs)
And Eden. I'm proud of you.
You actually got out of
your own little world
and actually. you know.
joined the human race
and talked with people.
It was nice.
- Okay. yeah. okay.
You know what?
Not all of us can be in our junior year
and clueless about what we
wanna do with our lives.
Some of us have to. I don't know.
you know. plan our life.
- I'm not clueless.
I'm just searching for myself.
Sir. Erik.
Erik. what did you think
of the tequila cook off?
- Oh. you know.
I think it was pretty kick-ass
but a little hard to remember
with Eden's phone in my face.
Why do you have to record
every single moment of your life anyway?
You know it's probably
just gonna come back
and haunt us all someday.
Just chill.
- [Allie] Word.
- Everyone. shh. shh. shh.
See. Eden?
There's no such thing
as an awkward silence.
- (laughs) It's awkward if Edie is silent.
- Oh. okay. yeah.
I'm the social one
who always has something to say.
Yeah. all right.
You sure about that. Allie?
- Silence!
We've got a pit stop coming up ahead.
but the question is. should we stop?
Shall we?
- Do you really have to ask
that thing that question?
- Oh. we do. we do.
- Or. you know. any questions at all?
- We absolutely do
and if anyone cares.
it says that we should
keep it moving. people.
- Oh. oh. oh!
I think we should stop
because Matt's little
friend here tells us so.
- All right. fine.
Don't come to me.
Don't say that I didn't warn ya.
- Good. 'cause I've had to take a leak
since last Thanksgiving.
Something your little piece
of paper didn't predict.
- Mind over bladder. Erik.
Simply mind over bladder.
- Okay. Allie.
I'll remember that next
time you have to go.
(easygoing music)
- [Vincent] These four. they
really look out for each other.
And that. that was reason enough for me.
♪ Who do you think you are ♪
♪ You're on top ♪
So. let's go back.
(music warbling)
Let me show you how we
found ourselves right here.
(eerie music)
- [Waitress] How about a
cup of pitch-black brew?
- Hit me with the jet fuel.
I'm gonna need it.
You've worked here ever
since I entered Marfa.
- [Waitress] Yes. I have.
- You ever think about leaving?
- Every day.
Good morning. Mr. Mayor.
Would you like some coffee?
(Mayor inhales deeply)
- No. thank you.
- It cannot go on like this.
- What are you talking about?
- You know exactly what I'm talking about.
- You know...
How many times do we have to go over this?
- Until you understand.
- Look. they're here.
they're home. and they're safe.
(tense music)
- Are they?
- Yeah.
Where the hell else are they gonna go?
(paper rustling)
- Anywhere but here.
- You know what. Vincent?
I'm beginning to think
that you don't really understand
what's going on here.
- I understand all too well.
Stop trying to keep them here.
They have free will
and you need to let them move on.
- Okay.
(Mayor sighs)
- Have a good day.
- Thank you.
(eerie music)
- This one's on me.
- [Vincent] Okay.
So. let's pick up right where we left off.
(music warbling)
♪ I'm not getting in my way ♪
♪ I'm getting in my lonely lonely way ♪
♪ And who knows that I hide the things ♪
♪ I want to share with you. ♪
- This is fancy.
- This is cute. Look at this.
(tense music)
(wrench clicking)
(bell dinging)
Look at this.
Hey. get us some drinks. girls.
Have them put 40.
- Okay.
- Pump three.
Put it in there.
Wow. love this thing. Look at that.
Man.
- [Vincent] And this.
this is where we first met.
- I feel like we're on the
edge of the earth out here.
It's more like the to-kill-ya
cook off at this point.
It's like time has stopped.
We can't find our way out.
- Seriously. man?
This trip must be really.
really long for you
if you're coming up with
lame crap like that.
Is that a brontosaurus?
(static crackling)
(flies buzzing)
- I need to put 40 on pump three. please.
- [Cashier] They don't
let me handle the money.
They say I have sticky fingers.
(eerie music)
- Well. what do you girls need?
- Well. we were just asking Wilmer here
if we could have-
- Wilmer doesn't work here anymore.
- Then why does it say Wilmer on his tag?
(Allie chuckles)
Well then. that's a good move on Wilmer.
- Well. it weren't really his choice
being that Wilmer's dead and all.
(eerie music)
(flies buzzing)
- Got any drinks?
- Oh. sure do.
(laughs) Hey. there's
my other set of teeth.
Been wondering where they were.
now here they are.
Well. take what you need.
Our selection is sort of small.
but all we got is real cold.
- I can't believe this is happening.
This is unbelievable.
- Well. cold works.
We need four drinks.
- All right.
- If you got 'em.
- Go ahead.
There you are.
Your four sody-pops.
(Eden laughs)
- Oh my God.
I haven't seen one of
these since I was a kid.
I saw one of these
in those black and white movies
at my Nanny and Poppy's house.
I loved it 'cause it would creep me out.
- [Eden] What is this thing?
- I just remember seeing it
in those old black and white movies.
It would answer yes or no questions.
Tell you your future.
Kind of scary.
- I tell you what.
Sometimes it's best not to know
what your fortune holds.
Leave it alone.
Well. I'll tell you what.
(hand slams)
Or not.
- Come on. let's get out of here. Allie.
- I'm willing to take a chance.
What do I have to lose?
What does our future hold?
- Mm. I thought it answered
only yes or no questions.
Come on. enough of this nonsense.
We gotta roll.
(machine buzzing)
Come on. Allie. Let's go.
- Hey. I'll be right back.
I gotta take a piss
before we get back on
this highway to hell.
- Don't fall in.
- Who says it isn't a highway to heaven?
(eerie music)
- Dude. look around.
If heaven looks anything like this.
I'm not interested.
- Maybe it's more than just a highway.
All depends where you wanna go.
- [Erik] Exactly where is it
that you're looking to go?
- Just Marfa.
- Good luck with that.
We need to get home.
- Good luck to you. too.
I hope that home is where you end up.
- Not sure what that means.
That's exactly where we're headed.
(tense piano music)
- [Matthew] Buddy. do you have orange?
All righty.
Sitting in this here captain's seat.
(voices warbling)
What's this crazy person
doing around here?
I've never seen him before in my life.
They do say that.
- Excuse me.
- [Matthew] Hey. did it all flow well?
Was it good?
- Always.
- Hey. Erik. you still good to drive. man?
- Heck yeah. dude.
- All right.
Bye. dinosaur.
- Let's go.
(bright guitar music)
- [Matthew] Goodbye.
Drive right through it.
Bye. creepy man.
♪ I take two steps towards
the open field of space ♪
♪ For which to lie ♪
- So. Allie.
I think that guy at the gas
station kinda liked you.
You know. he was totally
flirting with you.
- Wait. wait. wait. What
guy was flirting with you?
- [Matthew] Yeah. what
are y'all talking about?
- Yeah. that cashier was
a straight up creeper.
- Well. if you didn't
dress like a stripper.
men wouldn't be throwing quarters at you.
- I'm not dressed like a stripper.
I don't even have my hair and makeup done.
- Hey. you gotta know where you're at.
I mean. the competitions
pretty weak out here.
- He's right. Allie.
With a body like yours.
you should've gotten
much more than quarters.
- Ew. gross!
(Allie laughs)
I'm just kidding. Allie.
(bright music)
♪ Yeah I'm your beautiful ♪
♪ Why can't we be young enough ♪
♪ I feel young enough ♪
♪ I feel beautiful ♪
♪ And why can't we be young enough ♪
♪ I feel young enough ♪
♪ I feel beautiful ♪
Allie. you never did tell
with that fortune teller
ticket thing said.
- Whoa. wait a minute.
There's another fortune teller
and you're giving me trouble about mine?
- Yeah. well maybe because yours
is made out of paper.
- [Matthew] It doesn't
matter what it's made out of
as long as it's giving you the
answers you're looking for.
- Okay.
- Wait. wait. was there seriously
a fortune teller in there
or are you just messing with me?
- It was just a stupid toy
sitting on the counter.
I don't wanna think about
that creepy place again.
- You know. speaking of creepy.
my grandmother had a crystal ball.
She would leave it outside on a full moon
claiming it would recharge
and pull energy from Mother Earth.
- Shut up. I don't believe
in all that crazy stuff.
Come on.
- No. seriously.
People would pay her for her predictions.
You know. even local police agencies
would have her profile killers
to help solve crime scenes.
- You believe in all that
crap when you're studying
the scientific approach in forensics?
- What does that even mean?
- Dead men tell a tale.
You know. possibly in more ways than one.
The Indians believed in astral travel.
- I believe in assholes traveling.
We got two in the front
row seats right now.
- [Matthew] Oh. shots fired!
- No. I'm being serious. guys.
Okay. you know when you fall asleep
and your body jumps?
- Yeah.
- Okay. so the Indians believed
that your spirit's
traveling outside your body
and at that very moment
when your body jumps.
your spirit is jumping
right back into your body.
- [Erik] Hey. look.
The Marfa ghost lights.
- [Matthew] I bet that's about as real
as your grandmother's crystal ball.
- [Erik] Hey. maybe we can
stay the night there. huh?
The Marfa sign says it's just up the road.
- [Matthew] Let me consult
with the fortune teller in the car.
(eerie music)
Oh. too bad.
It says that we should not stop.
- Knock it off. Matt.
Quit letting a piece of
paper dictate your future.
- [Matthew] Hey. it was
right about the gas station
and that turned out creepy.
- Okay. so it says Marfa.
It's a town of 2.000.
It has art and culture and
a historical courthouse.
And most importantly.
a place to pull over for the night.
And something about mystery ghost lights.
Whatever.
I say we check things out.
- I'm up for the adventure.
- [Matthew] Okay.
Don't say I didn't warn you not to.
(eerie music)
- Hey. look. it's the guy
from back at the gas station.
the one with the scar.
- How'd he get here before us?
I mean. he said he was
on his way to Marfa.
but he seemed really. real
confused that. you know?
- Well then let's just pick him up.
- See?
We met him for a reason.
He's just another sign telling us
we should go to Marfa.
- I know we shouldn't be
picking up hitchhikers
and he isn't exactly wholesome looking.
but you only live once.
- Fortune teller says that
we should pick him up.
- Not you too.
- [Matthew] I'm just saying. man.
the fortune teller agrees with the ladies.
It must be okay.
- Please?
- [Erik] All right.
well. if we get murdered.
I'm gonna be very upset with all of you.
- Nice turn.
- Yeah.
- [Matthew] Nice turn.
(all cheering)
(wind howling)
(eerie music)
- Hey. get in.
We're heading into town.
- Be glad to join you.
- Whoa.
What in the world was that?
- [Allie] Whoa.
- Welcome to Marfa.
Wanna open the trunk?
(Eden laughs)
(car beeps)
- Hop in the trunk.
(easygoing music)
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Which way is out ♪
(thunder rumbling)
♪ Tell me which way is down ♪
- [Vincent] And off we went.
♪ So listen for your cue ♪
♪ You don't have a clue ♪
♪ And then your life fades to black ♪
(jaunty music)
- Ladies and gentlemen.
we have arrived.
- Woo!
- Oh my gosh.. this heat is killing me.
- Dude!
Did you see that guy?
Really?
Is he actually wearing a pink romper?
- And I thought nothing
could be more weird
than tequila cook off.
(Allie groans)
Okay. my gosh. Allie.
Let your freaking hair
down and live a little.
You know. when in Rome.
(Eden laughs)
- What?
- I'd rather be dead than be here.
- Hey. be careful what you wish for.
(Allie screams)
(Allie laughs)
- [Matthew] You're looking fantastic.
- Thank you!
- We'll send it to you.
♪ Hey ♪
- Good lord.
I oughta slap cuffs on you
just for the way you're dressed.
- Who died and left you in charge?
- You can start with
your right to shut up.
- You could have said "Hi. how are you?"
That would have been nice.
- More like how high are you?
- Obviously high enough
to wear pink rompers in public.
- Ain't that the truth.
(jaunty music)
♪ I can't hide ♪
♪ The way that he makes
me feel deep inside ♪
♪ I drive ♪
- [Vincent] The man never
misses an opportunity.
- Welcome to Marfa. Texas.
(eerie music)
- Wow. they sure are friendly
around here. aren't they?
- I'm pretty certain
they were waving at the guy behind us.
- Aw. just for a split second
I was thinking we were all important
like a celebrity and all.
- Y'all come on in. Grab a booth.
All right. here we go.
I know it is hot out there.
Okay.
We don't want anybody
dyin' on us around here.
- Well. we're actually on our way home
from that to-kill-ya cook off. you know?
Does that count?
- Stop with the to-kill-ya. would ya?
It wasn't funny the first time.
- So I think we should stay
and check out these lights
everyone's talking about.
- Oh.
Y'all are here to see the lights.
I thought that's why y'all might be here.
(man speaking foreign language)
Shh.
I said shh!
Let me tell you something
about those lights.
- There's nothing
to the lights. I'm telling you.
Nothing at all.
- People say that it's
the souls of the dead
that are refusing to just pass on.
You know. they're just hanging out.
- What does that even mean?
- Yeah. really. (laughs)
(man laughing)
- There's nothing to the lights.
Most folks can't even see them.
- Well. those that have
sure think they're beautiful.
(waitress chuckles)
- [Eden] Ma'am. have you
yourself ever seen the lights?
- Oh. honey.
I see them every day.
- She does not.
- I'm with the old guy.
I think it's a hoax or an urban legend.
Every small town in America has one.
- Old guy?
Old guy. huh?
Smells to me like you
drink your own bath water.
Y'all be careful out there.
- All right.
- Okay. here we go.
- Thank you.
- [Waitress] Honey. are you okay?
You look like death warmed over.
And what have you done to your neck?
- [Matthew] Erik.
- [Allie] Let me see. Erik.
It's dried blood. What'd you do?
- I have no idea.
I'll go take a look.
- Matt. I think you oughta drive
the rest of the way home.
Erik isn't looking too good.
- Yeah. I agree.
- So I think we should stay
and check out the lights
and maybe some of the art.
You know. after all. we are here.
- You did say when in Rome. right?
- Oh. Edie. that's so you.
Always so curious.
always wanting the
unexplained explained to you.
- Get off.
(Allie laughs)
(soft eerie music)
- [Vincent] Waiting. watching. listening.
but it's getting late now.
- You again?
Why do we keep bumping into you?
- Who knows?
Maybe our paths were meant to cross.
- Or maybe we were simply meant
to give you a ride into town.
- Could be.
I guess only time will tell.
(water dribbling)
(eerie music)
(dishes clattering)
- I see you're still here.
- For now I am.
- Vincent. I see how you've been preying
on these four young ones.
- I'm not preying on anyone.
- I see what you're doing.
I just want you to just
leave them be. all right?
They belong here.
- They can decide that for themselves
and I'm not gonna stand in their way.
- I don't think you truly understand
what's going on here.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- You can't change what is.
(eerie music)
♪ I had a life I loved ♪
♪ Now it's all been bad ♪
♪ No matter how I struggle to strive ♪
(officer laughs)
- Who knew?
The Day of the Dead festival
and they got a fat Elvis!
- Well. I guess all
the conspiracy theories
about me being alive are correct.
- Where's your blue suede shoes?
- Oh man. don't be cruel.
(officer laughs)
- You got me all shook up.
Have a good day. boss.
♪ I'll never get out
of this sort of life ♪
(acoustic guitar music)
♪ Oh you didn't take your time ♪
♪ But you were taking mine ♪
♪ The love is gone ♪
- Do you guys see all the sugar skulls?
- Yeah. it's great.
- Oh. yep.
They're definitely celebrating the dead.
- Yeah. looks more like
a bunch of freaks to me.
- Come on. Erik.
The King's here.
- I say we get our faces painted.
I mean. there's gotta be face painting.
We should find it.
- What. in this heat? Are you crazy?
- Okay.
So it says DOD is celebrated in Mexico
and around the world in many cultures.
It focuses on the honoring
dead friends and family members.
Oh gosh.
Well. come on. Erik.
This might be our last trip
together as a foursome.
- I think y'all might need some advice
from a fortune teller here.
- Um. we're good.
- Don't count on it. Matt.
You need to put that toy away.
- Fine.
It's not like you're listening to it.
- Are y'all going somewhere
I don't know about?
- Uh. duh.
It's called life.
And before you know it we'll be adulting
and going our separate directions.
- Come on. we've been friends
way too long for that.
You know better.
- Edie has a point about that. Erik.
I mean. maybe it's just time
that the diapers come off.
the training wheels come off.
(sighs) It's gonna happen.
- Speak for yourself.
- Oh yeah. you still wear diapers.
- [Matthew] It just makes life easier.
- I'll visit you at the home.
- Today is one of my
favorite days of the year.
- Oh yeah?
Why's that?
- It feels like I'm
honoring my grandparents.
my ancestors.
- Excuse me. ma'am.
Do you have space for four more?
- [Vincent] Yes. we do.
I'm on it.
I'm gonna get you guys a little DODed.
- DODed?
What does that mean?
- I think it means Day of the Deaded up.
- This is Day of the Dead
not night of the living dead. right?
- Yeah. I'm not so sure
there's a difference.
- Hey. Vincent. it's you.
- Wow. she's really perceptive.
Yes. it is.
- Here we go again.
- I didn't know you were a face painter.
- I didn't know I was
gonna be working today.
- [Erik] What do you mean by that?
(gentle piano music)
- Yes.
We must always remember.
- Exactly.
- Uh. just that.
I was gonna pay you back
for giving me a ride.
- [Erik] Gee. thanks.
- You're welcome.
- [Little Girl] What's wrong?
- Nothing.
- Come on. come on.
You got four of us to work on.
- I'm all over it.
Just gotta make sure it's done right.
Look the other way.
That way.
- Oh.
Hey.
- [Vincent] Why do you have three eyes?
Hold on a second.
- It's Marfa. Hello?
♪ That I cast a spell when
I looked in his eyes ♪
♪ So now they mustn't suffer me to live ♪
♪ Oh bury my bones underneath the stones ♪
♪ That you throw at me ♪
♪ Bury my bones underneath the stones ♪
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪
- I see a troubled past.
You're carrying a heavy burden.
(dramatic music)
- Well. who doesn't?
Come on. where's your skills at?
- I see you've put your
friend's lives in great danger.
And they don't know. do they?
And neither do you.
Look inside yourself.
Find your spirit.
Confront him.
And only then will you have the answer
that will truly set you free.
Live for today and tomorrow never comes.
- I wonder if she has Saturday's
winning lottery numbers. huh?
- But I want a picture.
Say Marfa.
- Marfa.
- Hey.
Okay. so it's Matt's pocket.
gas stations. and gypsy booths.
They're everywhere.
I feel like we're in a traveling circus.
It's like revenge of the fortune tellers.
(Allie laughs)
(tense music)
- Man.
How are we gonna get this crap off?
- Nothing a little turpentine
and steel wool can't remove.
- Um. you might not like your face.
I however. am attached to mine.
- Man. I'm wore out.
Too much sun or something.
- Take a hot shower.
You'll feel better.
You'll definitely smell better.
(Allie sighs)
- Anyone got service?
I got nothing on this thing.
- Matt. we're lucky we
got water and electricity.
- Surely they have wifi
here though. come on.
- You want some room service with that?
- [Matthew] Yes. please.
You never know.
Hey Edie. why don't you
call the front desk.
ask if they got some wifi.
get us the password?
- [Woman On TV] They oughta
make the day and the time
change on the first day of summer.
- [Eden] Yes. could you
tell me the wifi password?
- You can't be serious. Edie.
- [Mysterious Voice] It's because of you.
Go to the lights.
- Y'all quit!
Quit messing with me.
- I heard them pick up and
now I can't hear anything.
- [Man On TV] Is there
any of that candy left?
- Well. you called it. Allie.
They don't have a phone that works.
let alone internet service.
- We still remember.
- I don't.
- [Mysterious Voice] Erik.
- Oh.
Dude. I haven't seen you move
that fast in a long time.
- [Allie] I take it the
shower didn't help any.
- Something's not right.
I'm not feeling well.
- Maybe it has something to do
with that foot long sausage
on a stick you had earlier.
- That's real funny.
- [Mathew] I'm just saying.
I'm just saying. man.
Come on. put some clothes on. would ya?
- We've had a long few days.
We're all just tired.
- I'm not sick or tired.
I just...
I don't feel like myself at all.
- All right.
We'll leave first thing tomorrow morning.
Come on. the paper fortune teller
told us we shouldn't
even be here. all right?
We should've listened to it.
- Matt. I'm gonna shove that thing
where the sun don't shine.
- I'm just saying.
- We can't just leave without seeing
what those ghost lights are all about.
- Are you sure?
We don't have to see the ghosts lights.
If you're not feeling well.
we can go home in the morning.
- If we didn't see those darn lights.
you'd drive the whole way home
while being this close
and not seeing them?
I'd rather see them sick as a dog
than watch you pout the whole way home.
- I wouldn't pout the whole way home.
(Allie chuckles)
Like maybe half of it.
- And from every trip on.
Edie. you and I both know
as soon as those Christmas lights come on.
you're gonna get triggered.
Those traffic lights are gonna change
and you're just gonna think about
all of the Marfa lights you're missing.
(Allie and Erik laughing)
- [Man On TV] I wonder what happened
to the one from last year.
Each year we spend good
money on these things.
(eerie music)
- Well. well. who do we have here?
- Who?
- It's the two cashiers
from the gas station.
but there's a third guy
standing beside them.
He must be Wilmer.
He's actually wearing
his own shirt this time.
- Why is a picture of them in here?
(gentle acoustic music)
♪ You're less than perfect here ♪
♪ In all the coming years ♪
♪ And I can feel you slipping ♪
♪ Through the fields ♪
♪ I have no fear ♪
♪ And God hates all the people here ♪
♪ And momentum changes us ♪
♪ From the beginning to the end ♪
♪ We are less than perfect ♪
♪ Don't forget us when we're dead ♪
♪ And God hates all the people here ♪
(train whistle blaring)
♪ So hold me up ♪
♪ I hope all the damage is done ♪
♪ And hold me up ♪
♪ I hope all the rain does not come ♪
♪ So hold me up ♪
- [Allie] It's so dark out here.
At this point any bit of
light would be welcome.
- Yeah. I'm not really
expecting to see any lights.
And if we do.
I'm honestly not
expecting them to be much.
- Who cares?
It's not like we'd be doing anything else.
- You mean. other than standing
in the middle of nowhere?
- Guys. let's just give it a minute. okay?
It's got me really curious.
- Ooh.
- [Man In The Dark] Give it some time.
I've given it years.
When you're ready for them
you'll see them.
- What the heck?
- Uh. God. is that you?
(eerie music)
- Okay. what's going on?
We can't even see who we're talking to.
- [Man In The Dark] The point is
it doesn't even matter who I am.
Just be open and willing to listen.
- Your ability to attract
weirdos is unparalleled.
I've literally never
seen anything like it.
- [Man In The Dark] There's
more to these lights
than we see.
more than we know or willing to accept.
Most can't see them and those few who do
can't begin to explain them.
Maybe they're here to guide us.
to help us take a step back.
and think about the big picture.
that everything has a
beginning and an end.
- Okay.
I'll take that as your
opinion and nothing else.
- [Man In The Dark] Maybe or maybe not.
The light shines in the darkness
and the darkness has never understood it.
You're searching.
You all came here for a reason.
Be patient.
You'll see them soon enough.
- [Matthew] What does that even mean?
- Exactly. Matt.
What the heck does that even mean?
Oh. wait.
Do you mean those lights out there?
- [Erik] Shut up. Allie.
He's trying to tell us something.
- Okay. Allie. look.
you know as well as I do
that those lights you're pointing at
are a bunch of idiots on
their cell phones. okay?
It's not funny.
Do you guys remember
what that waitress said?
- [Allie] What?
- Something about souls
and them refusing to move on
and them hanging out.
- [Matthew] Oh. right.
Yeah. she was talking about
the souls of the dead. right?
- Yeah. That's. that's it.
- [Man In The Dark] For one
to be open to a new beginning.
one must first come to
terms with one's end.
- Wait!
I just saw something.
- [Eden] Where?
- Like over there on the right.
Kind of over the horizon.
It's kind of like they're floating.
- Oh my God. I see them too.
(eerie music)
- Wait.
No. I see it too.
It's right over there.
- Wow.
Are those the Marfa lights
everyone's talking about?
- Well. there's nothing else out that way.
What else could it be?
- How do we know it's not a highway
with a bunch of cars on
it off in the distance?
- There's only one way to find out.
- Erik. what the heck?
Where are you going?
- I'm gonna track these lights down.
I bet you someone's screwing with us.
- Erik. you're nuts!
I mean. it's pitch black out there.
You don't know what you're stepping on.
- Erik. I'm with ya. I'm coming too!
- Matt!
- [Matthew] Erik!
What are you doing?
(electricity crackling)
- Erik.
Erik. are you okay?
(heartbeat pounding)
(lights sparking)
(Erik breathing heavily)
- What just happened?
- Erik.
(soft tense piano music)
(eerie music)
- You know. people in
Marfa talk in circles.
No. not circles.
Soliloquies.
Some kind of poetic
verse you can't under...
Hey. are you okay?
- I guess.
- So. I've been thinking.
- Yeah?
- Allie and I went to the store today
and bought gemstones. a crystal ball.
talked about astral travel and taro cards-
- Yeah. and?
- And.
since being here you've had
some guy following us around.
a gypsy tried to tell you your fortune.
you've been hearing someone
whispering to you in the shower.
and now you've been
knocked over by lights.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
What are you getting at?
- I think...
I think there's some kind of
spellbound curse on this town.
Maybe voodoo or witchcraft
and the list can keep on
but you get my point.
- And?
- I gotta show you something.
I discovered this just a few minutes ago.
so no one else has seen
this and no one else knows.
- Okay.
- I was going over the photos
I've taken over the course of this trip
and I gotta show you the
one of you with that gypsy.
I think that's where
this whole mess started.
It's with her.
- Well you take pictures and videos
of everything and everyone.
So. I'm not surprised.
- Okay.
Okay. so remember sitting down with her?
- Yes. of course I do.
- And remember how weird she was?
- Yeah.
- Okay. take a look at this picture.
See anything?
- Yeah.
I see two chairs in a booth.
- What about it?
- Maybe I should've asked
you what you don't see.
- I'm not following. Just tell me.
- What you don't see. Erik.
is neither of you two
sitting in those two chairs.
You're not in your chair
and the gypsy isn't in hers.
but you know as well as
I do y'all were both.
you were both in those two chairs.
- [Erik] So what?
- So what?
So I'm telling you. I know
you were in this picture
when I took it. okay?
Just. just trust me on this.
- Okay. I mean.
I thought I was.
But that doesn't mean the timing was off.
Maybe you took the picture when we got up.
- Just take my word for it. Erik.
You know that gypsy never got up
the entire time we were there.
So explain that.
- Okay.
Where are you going with all this?
- Erik. that gypsy cast a spell on you.
(Erik chuckling)
- Are you serious?
- I'm being dead serious. Erik.
You've been weird ever since then.
I mean. above and beyond your
normal realm of weirdness.
which is really. really weird.
- Okay. okay.
Look. you have my attention.
- Oh. well that's a start.
Let's keep this between you and I.
Okay?
Let's get our facts a little straighter
before we clue the other two in.
- Okay.
I'm not sold on this theory
just because of a picture
you took of two empty chairs.
And we're leaving tomorrow anyway. so.
(tense music)
(crow squawking)
- [Allie] Oh. don't worry. I saw that.
- You saw that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh hey. look who's headed this way.
- It's the freaks from the gas station.
- [Eden] Mm-hmm.
- [Allie] I mean. look at his clothes.
- Wilmer?
- Yeah. Wilmer!
- Shh. he might hear you. Allie.
- Do you think it matters?
I mean. if we actually ran
do you think they'd actually catch up?
- Yeah. no joke.
That one dude is still rolling around
on his little cooler thingy-ma-jig.
- Okay. is thingy-ma-jig even a real word?
- It is when you have no other words
to describe that thing.
- Yeah. I have a word for you.
Wacko. straight up wack jobs.
And don't ask me if
that's a real word. Eden.
I'm pretty sure it's still
in the urban dictionary.
- No. I'm with you. Allie.
It definitely fits both of them.
- Yeah.
It's probably safe to say
that their antennas aren't
picking up all the channels.
- More like nothing at all.
- Shut up. guys.
They are way too close
for y'all to be talking this loud.
- Do you think it matters?
- They really are creepy. man.
I'm so glad they didn't engage.
- [Erik] Shoot. we're
lucky they didn't hear us.
- It's so creepy.
They didn't even say anything at all.
- Yeah. they were definitely
in their own little worlds.
Hey. don't turn around.
Don't even look at those guys again.
- Okay. was it just me
or did that guy have Wilmer's shirt on?
I mean. that's pretty weird. guys.
Totally cray-cray.
- Why are they even here anyway?
They don't really seem like the type
to just be walking around for exercise.
- Who honestly cares?
- Okay. now let's not get
all sentimental about it.
- Yeah. let's not.
I have an appetite.
I wanna eat and get out of Marfa.
(Allie groans)
(paper rustling)
- Hey Tux Man.
can I have a BLT please?
- A what?
- A BLT?
- Uh. I guess we can make
you one without the B.
- What's the B. Tux Man?
- The B is for bacon. kid.
- [Little Boy] So just
lettuce and tomato. Tux Man?
No bacon?
- That's what I'm saying. kid.
That's what I'm saying.
- What kind of sandwich is that?
- One with no bacon.
I got a kebab.
I got hummus.
But I can't make you a BLT.
I ain't got it.
You're gonna have to pick
something else out. kid.
(wind howling)
- That cute kid wanted
his BLT pretty badly. huh?
- Yeah. I guess he didn't get
this place has a fancy menu.
- [Eden] So do you guys think
that man in the dark the
other night was Wilmer?
Look. he didn't deny it.
- Who cares?
- Eden's right. though.
I've been wondering the same thing.
- I wouldn't think twice about it
if everyone else here wasn't so weird.
- [Matthew] Yeah.
I think this whole town is getting to us.
- Which is exactly why we're eating
and getting back on the road.
Goodbye. Marfa!
(whistles) Out of here.
- Have any of y'all thought about
having a bucket list?
You know. things you wanna
accomplish before you die?
- [Erik] Bucket list?
Come on. that's for folks dodging coffins.
I haven't even started my life yet.
I'm barely 20 years old.
- Well seeing how bad you look
and that curse the gypsy put on you.
I'd say you start thinking
bucket list pretty soon. buddy.
- [Eden] You know. I told
him the exact same thing.
- [Allie] How do you mean?
- Just that the gypsy either cursed him
or cast a spell on him.
- Hey. come on now.
- Or we could just drop all that and eat.
- Sorry for bringing something up
most folks would get excited about.
- So you bring up what we
wanna do before we die?
Yeah. No. thank you.
- [Allie] Y'all need to
chill out a whole lot.
(sirens wailing)
- [Eden] Where do you think they're going?
- [Erik] Let's go see what's going on.
- They seem to like it here.
(eerie music)
- [Vincent] You think so?
- Yeah. I do.
I think they're gonna stay.
How about you?
You still planning on leaving?
- What do you think?
- I think that you're confused.
I think you don't know
where you should be.
Look out there. Vincent.
What do you see?
Where are you gonna go?
What are you gonna do when you get there?
When are you gonna understand
that you belong here?
- No. I don't.
- Come on. Vincent.
Vincent. why don't you stick around. huh?
I need you. Vincent.
We gotta keep everybody in line. man.
I need you.
Vincent!
- [Vincent] It's getting late now.
Choosing the right moment.
That. that's what it comes down to.
(wind howling)
- I told you all someone
needed help. didn't I?
- Oh my God.
- I wonder what happened.
I only see one car.
- Yeah.
It looks like it just rolled over.
Maybe the driver fell asleep or something.
- Oh. goodness.
Any idea what happened?
- No.
(thunder crashing)
(electricity crackling)
- Erik. are you okay?
- Erik!
(tires screeching)
(girls screaming)
(glass shattering)
(Erik breathing heavily)
- Deja vu.
- [Allie] Let me see. Erik.
- What?
(sign squeaking)
- I've been here before.
- Erik.
That's your car.
That's the car that we were riding in.
(sirens wailing)
- [Eden] Where do you think they're going?
- [Erik] Let's go see what's going on.
(tires screeching)
(car crashing)
(sirens wailing)
- [Paramedic] We've got people in here.
I have no vitals.
- I think I get it.
- Get what. Erik?
- [Mysterious Voice] Erik.
- [Norman] That is your car. Erik.
- You're the man from the bar.
(jaunty music)
- Oh. your perceptive
capabilities are just astounding.
(Norman humming "Entry of the Gladiators")
You. sir.
You've been here already.
And you. Erik.
you've definitely been here before.
(Norman humming "Entry of the Gladiators")
(heartbeat pounding)
- [Matthew] Erik.
- [Allie] Let me see. Erik.
(tires screeching)
(somber music)
- [Waitress] He's right.
You all have been here before.
- I need you guys to back up.
I want you guys to back up.
Come on. guys. You need to back up.
- [Eden] What? No. no.
(crying) No.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
It's okay.
Hey. hey.
Hey. it's okay.
It's okay.
Allie.
Allie. what are you looking at?
(machine buzzing)
- The ticket.
(thunder rumbling)
I don't know.
I forgot to read it.
- What does it say?
- [Erik] At this point.
it can't get any worse.
- Allie. just tell us.
- Remember what I tried telling you all
that night at the observatory?
- Why is a picture of them in here?
What?
We never understood a
single word you said!
Oh my God.
It's you.
You're Wilmer.
- Every beginning has an end.
Life. lives. your lives. our lives.
Dead or alive.
- What do you mean your lives?
- What Wilmer is trying to say
is that we've been here with you before.
- [Eden] What?
- Tell 'em.
Be more specific.
- Wilmer. Norman from
the diner. and myself.
we've been here.
- [Vincent] The waitress. Donna.
That smile.
that very hospitality seen
in diners and truck stops
across the country.
The mayor knew she had loyalty
and didn't have the courage to move on.
Donna died in the '50s.
- What the lady here. Miss Monroe.
is trying to say.
we pretty much stood like you
and we stared into the
abyss of our own bodies.
- [Vincent] The man at the
bar. the eccentric Norman.
a child of the '70s.
always saw things his way
uniquely without consequence.
Maybe that's why Marfa
was all too comfortable for him.
- Just like you all are now.
- [Vincent] Wilmer.
The man in the dark.
The wise one of the bunch.
His wisdom is what held him back.
Always too afraid to try and move on.
Although he's been
debating that with himself
ever since his death back in the '60s.
- When?
When did this happen?
- For us?
A very long time ago.
- [Norman] We all passed on
in our own time. individually.
- No!
I mean the car wreck.
We need to get home.
- Good luck to you. too.
I hope that home is where you end up.
- Not sure what that means.
That's exactly where we're headed.
(gentle music)
(coin clattering)
- [Vincent] Death stared him in the face.
His own subconscious even grabbed him.
- [Mysterious Voice] Erik.
It's because of you.
Go to the lights.
- [Vincent] The gypsy never
stopped whispering in his ear.
But he missed all the clues.
- Hey Erik.
you still good to drive. man?
- Heck yeah. dude.
- All right.
Bye. dinosaur.
- Erik has something he'd like to confess.
- [Matthew] She's here too. Why not?
Why not?
- [Vincent] The gypsy. Heather.
She died in the 1980s.
Not much of a fortune teller.
but then again. which of us is?
- So what do you need to tell us?
- Tell them what you did
back at the gas station.
How you all got here.
They have a right to know.
- [Matthew] Erik. just say it.
- I'd been drinking.
I put alcohol in my
drink at the gas station.
I wasn't in the right
frame of mind to drive.
I'm sorry.
(tense music)
- You killed us!
Huh?
And I killed us too.
- Why didn't you just let me drive?
- No. stop!
What's done is done.
(Eden screams)
(Eden sobbing)
- [Erik] I'm sorry doesn't
even begin to cut it.
- It's what you all do now that counts.
Move on.
- Trust in us!
Testify!
- [Donna] Do not let this keep you here.
- Keep us from what? Huh?
The car wreck concludes everything.
- [Donna] No. you're not
listening. my darling.
You need to move on just
like Wilmer told you.
- We never had the courage
which is why we are still here.
- I've been a waitress
a lot longer than you may think.
- We're stuck here. here in this town.
- [Matthew] You're stuck in Marfa.
- [Norman] Yeah. in Marfa.
- Well. yes and no.
You see. Marfa is where the living
and the dead cross roads.
We don't interact with each other.
but we share the same space together.
- Yeah?
That sounds like purgatory.
- Right you are!
This is what we've been
trying to share with you.
- I wanted to.
Miss Monroe told me not to.
I've just been trying
to save you some moves.
cut to the chase.
- You didn't need to tell them.
They need to figure it out on their own.
- I just wanted them
to get out of this town
and it could be so different for them.
- You know as well as we all do.
what's done is done.
- Not necessarily.
If they will listen to us right now.
things could be different.
- [Wilmer] Like I told you all
that night at the observatory.
those lights were a sign
to protect those who would listen.
that an ending is just
simply a new beginning.
- What does that even mean. man? Come on.
- A new beginning.
A new beginning?
We're dead!
- To your new life.
This is where you're at
right here. right now.
- Do not dwell on this.
Do not put roots down in Marfa.
Y'all need to move on.
- What if...
What if we never came to Marfa?
Oh my god.
- Look. I know you can't stay.
I know you have to go
and I know they have to go.
- [Vincent] Henry. come with me.
- I'm too afraid of my own judgment.
- They have free will. so do you.
They need to leave and
I'm leaving with them.
- [Henry] I can't.
- Why not. Henry?
The mayor.
the official gatekeeper of Marfa.
I'm not really sure when he passed.
He's always been here
holding people down.
keeping them from moving on.
- [Henry] Walk to the light.
(soft tense music)
- For once in my life
I actually saw this one coming.
I hitchhiked my way across the country
until I ended up right here.
Marfa.
Quiet. peaceful.
I've been restless ever since
that day claimed my life.
You're not the only one
who bought a fortune telling ticket
at that gas station. Allie.
- You got one too?
Did you read it?
- Yes.
I read mine.
But you never read yours.
Here's what I know.
They always taught us
never pick up hitchhikers.
but they never told us about the dangers
of getting in cars with strangers.
- Wait. what?
You knew this was gonna happen?
You knew if you'd get in
the car with us. you'd die?
- He hoped it wouldn't come to this.
- [Vincent] That's right.
- He hoped y'all would read the ticket.
- Well since you've been here.
you've been hanging around us quite a bit.
- I was hoping to have someone
to face the fear of the unknown with.
- That's certainly looking
at the glass half full.
especially at a time like this.
- Are they all...
Is that...
Are they...
- I'm afraid so.
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
- That's Vincent.
That's my husband.
(soft music)
(Zoe crying)
- Zoe. I've been trying
to avoid this for years.
Not wanting to see the pain
that I caused you.
wanting you to move on.
wanting you to find someone.
I need to leave you now.
I need you to let me go.
(somber music)
♪ After a storm ♪
♪ I wanna be brave ♪
♪ And keep you warm ♪
(Zoe crying)
♪ And not fade away ♪
♪ As we float from the shore ♪
♪ Into the light ♪
Come on.
♪ Into your arms ♪
Let's do this.
- I think we're gonna take
your advice and move on.
- Let's see where this leads.
♪ In glorious silence ♪
♪ And descending through space ♪
- We've been best friends for a long time.
Let's make this forever.
- I love you guys.
Each and every one of you.
- Me too.
- Me three.
♪ And they will enfold
her outstretched hand ♪
♪ In her love ♪
♪ Into the light ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ It's always been ours to give ♪
♪ And to receive ♪
♪ I wanna be shameless like the sun ♪
♪ Moving into you ♪
(electricity crackling)
♪ Entering light ♪
♪ Welcome ♪
♪ Inshallah. inshallah ♪
♪ Enter one ♪
♪ Amazing Grace is pouring down ♪
♪ Fear not this light ♪
♪ We are of this light divine ♪
- [Vincent] He even loaded
the fortune teller's tickets.
His need to keep everyone in Marfa.
Well. that's why I took it upon myself
to load that last ticket.
The one that she never read.
♪ Fear not this light ♪
♪ We are on this light divine ♪
♪ Welcome. enter one ♪
As for purgatory.
well. it simply doesn't exist.
You're but a mist
that appears for a little while
and then
vanishes.
♪ After a storm ♪
♪ I wanna let go ♪
♪ Of the things that I've done ♪
♪ Without any worry ♪
♪ I wanna come home ♪
♪ Into the light ♪
♪ Into the unknown ♪
♪ I wanna be shameless ♪
♪ Like the sun ♪
♪ Moving into you ♪
♪ Entering light ♪
♪ Welcome ♪
♪ Inshallah. inshallah ♪
♪ Enter one ♪
♪ Amazing Grace is pouring down ♪
♪ Fear not this light ♪
♪ We are on this light divine ♪
♪ So come ♪
♪ We move as one ♪
♪ Amazing Grace is pouring down ♪
♪ Fear not this light ♪
♪ We are on this light divine ♪
♪ Welcome. enter one ♪
(gentle acoustic music)
♪ The news has come ♪
♪ The planet's spinning to a stop ♪
♪ There's nothing we can do ♪
♪ Just wait for the dim ♪
♪ We all know ♪
♪ That it's a pity shame ♪
♪ Who's to blame ♪
♪ For the reckless power down ♪
♪ But we've got ♪
♪ The last fires burning in our hearts ♪
♪ So let's ride the wave ♪
♪ A moment we will save ♪
♪ Come closer to me now ♪
♪ The world is crashing down ♪
♪ It's all over now ♪